g'day guys it's Billy here from Austria
come today you well I'm just going to
show you today the easiest way to remove
these old brass plumbing fittings it's
really easy instead of trying to you
know put it in a vise and screw it all
I'll show you the quickest way to do it
and that involves using an angle grinder
so it's pretty simple guys so just go
ahead and I'll show you how to take this
piece off really really easy
alright guys so it's really simple as I
just said while you go do is use your
angle corner for nice and nice thin
angle gonna blowed and cut about three
or four sections so I've cut this one
here and that one there that one there
and that one there so the next tip is
the easiest step or an audix walk I've
got here and you just got to hit it and
these will just break off so I see ya
guys nice heavy piece of brass simple as
that we'll do the next one
so basically guys as you can see the
thread of the old plumbing pipe goes all
the way in there so all you got to do is
cut straight through the brass into that
thread and as soon as it's a nice clear
hole what that is then you turn it
around stopping the other side
the reason the sparks are coming up guys
is not because of the brass brass won't
spark when you're cutting with an angle
grinder but it's only because of this
steel pipe you sort of spot and just
they'll cut into it there's three they I
can't get into that one I could do
another cut there and another cut for
you possibly I might have to do that in
the wild for they heat and see what
happens so basically all we're doing is
hitting it there and just breaking the
brass that's it guys
a beautiful nice heavy piece of brass
that weighs about probably that piece
here on that please probably about five
kilos Oregon Oh about three to twenty
three and five kilos so what's the best
beautiful piece of brass about
twenty-five to thirty dollars worth of
brass always use that beautiful